Add references to mono-repo in preparation for archival (#718)
orbiting/republik-frontend: README.md

> # Republik Frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [DEPRECATED] Republik Frontend
```

> ## ⚠️⚠️⚠️ This repository has been moved to [republik/plattform](https://github.com/republik/plattform) ⚠️⚠️⚠️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This repository together with others has been merged into the [republik/plattform](https://github.com/republik/plattform) monorepo. Let's continue the journey there. ⚠️
```

Reviewer: We already did this once :D

https://github.com/orbiting/backend-modules
